Element_Properties
-
chemical_element varchar pk fk 
atomic_mass float
poissons_ratio float
atomic_radius float
electrical_resistivity float
molar_volume float
thermal_conductivity float
bulk_modulus float
youngs_modulus float
periodic_group int
is_noble_gas bool
is_transition_metal bool
is_post_transition_metal bool
is_rare_earth_metal bool
is_metalloid bool
is_alkali bool
is_alkaline bool
is_halogen bool
is_lanthanoid bool
is_actinoid bool
van_der_waals_radius float
velocity_of_sound float
critical_temperature float
superconduction_temperature float
average_cationic_radius float
average_anionic_radius float
ionic_radii float
boiling_point float
vickers_hardness float
average_ionic_radius float
melting_point float
rigidity_modulus float
Z int
atomic_number int
density_of_solid float
coefficient_of_linear_thermal_expansion float


Materials_Properties
-
mp_id varchar pk fk - Materials_Composition.mp_id
Formula varchar
IPF float
Density float
E_above_Hull float
G_VRH float
K_VRH float
Elastic_Anisotropy float
poisson_ratio float
Y_Modulus float

Materials_Composition
-
mp_id varchar pk
H float
He float
Li float
Be float
B float
C float
N float
O float
F float
Ne float
Na float
Mg float
Al float
Si float
P float
S float
Cl float
Ar float
K float
Ca float
Sc float
Ti float
V float
Cr float
Mn float
Fe float
Co float
Ni float
Cu float
Zn float
Ga float
Ge float
As float
Se float
Br float
Kr float
Rb float
Sr float
Y float
Zr float
Nb float
Mo float
Tc float
Ru float
Rh float
Pd float
Ag float
Cd float
In float
Sn float
Sb float
Te float
I float
Xe float
Cs float
Ba float
La float
Ce float
Pr float
Nd float
Pm float
Sm float
Eu float
Gd float
Tb float
Dy float
Ho float
Er float
Tm float
Yb float
Lu float
Hf float
Ta float
W float
Re float
Os float
Ir float
Pt float
Au float
Hg float
Tl float
Pb float
Bi float
Po float
At  float
Rn float
Fr float
Ra float
Ac float
Th float
Pa float
U float
Np float
Pu float
Am float
Cm float
Bk float
Cf float
Es float
Fm float
Md float
No float
Lr float